Resolve issue: Viewport meta tag (#16830)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/viewport_meta_tag/index.md

<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
```

Not all devices are the same width; you should make sure that your pages work well in a large variation of screen sizes and orientations.

The basic properties of the "viewport" `<meta>` tag include:
- `width`

>   - : Controls the size of the viewport. It can be set to a specific number of pixels like `width=600` or to the special value `device-width`, which is [100vw](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/length#relative_length_units_based_on_viewport), or 100% of the viewport width. Minimum: `1`. Maximum: `10000`. Negative values: ignored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Controls the size of the viewport. It can be set to a specific number of pixels like `width=600` or to the special value `device-width`, which is [100vw](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/length#vw), or 100% of the viewport width. Minimum: `1`. Maximum: `10000`. Negative values: ignored. 
```

- `height`

>   - : Controls the size of the viewport. It can be set to a specific number of pixels like `height=400` or to the special value `device-height`, which is 100vh, or 100% of the viewport height. Minimum: `1`. Maximum: `10000`. Negative values: ignored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Controls the size of the viewport. It can be set to a specific number of pixels like `height=400` or to the special value `device-height`, which is [100vh](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/length#vh), or 100% of the viewport height. Minimum: `1`. Maximum: `10000`. Negative values: ignored. 
```
